TOWA: Towa and Setsuna.
Between us half‐demon twins,
two different worlds
exist at the same time...
human and demon,
feudal era and present day,
peace and war,
joy and sorrow,
dreams and reality,
now and forever,
and finally, love and hate...
a Feudal Fairy Tale, Yashahime.
We'll keep moving forward,
overcoming
the hurdles of destiny!
‐ [panting]
[wind howling]
[shuddering]
TAMANO: I'm sorry.
I know that we've just met.
but please, I need your help.
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: "The One
Behind the Forest Fire."
Let me guess. Another bounty?
We haven't had much luck
collecting them lately,
have we?
‐ No, we haven't.
I can't believe we're
slaying demons left and right,
but we never get their heads!
‐ Why are you
in so much debt anyway?
‐ It's all
because of that master!
‐ Master?
‐ [clatter]
‐ [gasps]
‐ Oh, thanks, Setsuna.
‐ Hmm.
‐ [smartphone chimes]
‐ [gasps]
I'll slay you!
‐ Whoa. Hang on a sec!
‐ What is that?
‐ A smartphone.
Remember in the other world?
I used it all the time.
‐ Did you?
I don't remember that. [sniffs]
‐ Yeah. It lets you
make calls, read your email,
take pics and video,
check social media.
Not to mention
you can search the Internet
and download apps, too.
In the other world,
they're practically a necessity.
Of course, with no signal here,
there's no point in having it,
but I can't seem to let it go.
‐ Whoa.
You really can't let go of it?
‐ I don't understand,
but it sounds dangerous.
‐ Wait. Hang on! I think I have
something like that, too!
You see?
It's the lucky kappa foot
that Grandpa Higurashi
gave to me.
BOTH: Uh...
‐ Hey, Mr. Jyubei, we're here.
[grunts]
Eh?
[Tamano gasps]
Are you all right?
‐ [gasps]
Uh, I'm so sorry!
Must be the wrong house!
‐ Something wrong?
There was a really pretty
person in there.
BOTH: A pretty person?
‐ Hello there.
Oh, hi.
‐ See? It's weird
for someone so pretty
to be in a dump like this,
isn't it?
‐ Very funny.
‐ We were given
an excellent job opportunity
from our generous client.
‐ And so we meet once again,
dear Princess.
‐ Riku?
‐ Isn't he...
‐ Hey, you three! [grumbles]
You need to show
some respect! Hmm?
‐ The request
isn't actually coming from me.
The task in question
is for this young lady.
‐ I am Tamano.
It's a pleasure to meet you all.
MOROHA: Uh,
nice to meet you, too.
RIKU: Miss Tamano
narrowly escaped from Homura,
an evil god
from the northern mountains.
TOWA: An evil mountain god.
SETSUNA: Homura?
‐ Yes. Homura and I
lived alone in a mansion
in the northern snowy mountains
until recently.
‐ Really? Does that mean you and
Homura were husband and wife?
‐ No.
‐ Hmm?
‐ Even if Miss Tamano
doesn't think they were married,
it's rather likely Homura was
under that impression himself.
‐ [sighs]
‐ What do you mean by that?
‐ Miss Tamano, would you
tell them what happened?
‐ Of course.
‐ Ever since
I was a little girl,
I've been raised
by my grandparents
in a village at the foot
of a snowy mountain.
‐ She's so beautiful.
‐ I've never seen
someone so gorgeous.
‐ But my life suddenly changed
after I turned 13.
I'm not sure why,
but marriage proposals
started arriving for me
almost every day.
Even merchants and samurai from
faraway towns came to visit.
‐ Miss Tamano
will become my bride.
‐ No, I will take care of her!
‐ I didn't want to leave
the village or my family,
so I turned
each one of them down.
However, something
happened one night.
[gasps]
[whispering] Tamano.
[clatter]
[both gasp]
‐ And that was
when Homura appeared.
Just like that, he dragged me
away to the snowy mountains.
‐ He dragged you away?
What a jerk.
‐ Agreed.
‐ Why would he do
something like that?
‐ Because he wanted Miss Tamano
all to himself, obviously.
‐ All to himself?
‐ Huh?
‐ [sighs]
‐ Ever since that night,
I was forced to live with Homura
in his mansion
deep within the snowy mountains.
Strangely, his mansion
was the only place
the snow didn't touch.
‐ [birds chirping]
‐ It always seemed like spring.
When I first arrived,
Homura treated me
with warmth and kindness.
In fact,
he took very good care of me.
But then...
[footsteps scraping]
Eh?
‐ [gasps]
‐ [chuckles]
‐ Hmm.
‐ You there!
How dare you look
upon my Tamano?!
MAN: No. I didn't mean‐‐
Our eyes just met by chance.
‐ I don't care!
‐ W‐Wait!
[screaming]
‐ [gasps]
Because he
accidentally met my gaze,
Homura brutally killed
that gardener.
After that,
he began to do the same thing
to every guest that visited.
‐ Lord Homura,
I've come to deliver
the goods
that you ordered from me.
‐ Hmm.
‐ How do you do?
‐ [gasps]
What's this?
How dare you look at her?!
‐ [gasps] You have to run away!
‐ [screaming]
‐ [crying]
‐ [gobbling]
‐ Lady Tamano...
do you not find the meal
satisfactory to your tastes?
‐ No, it's not that.
‐ [bowl clatters]
‐ [gasps]
‐ How dare you?!
‐ Lord Homura!
‐ Tamano is mine. You hear me?!
She belongs only to me!
[screams]
‐ I beg you. You must stop this.
‐ Don't act as though
you're innocent in all of this.
You're to blame.
You must have behaved in a way
that lured them in somehow.
‐ I would never do
something like that.
‐ You might not be aware of it,
but you've been seducing
all these men.
‐ Come.
‐ [gasps]
‐ Tamano, you belong only to me.
No one else will look
upon your face again!
[lock clanks]
‐ Lord Homura
don't do this, please!
I'm begging you!
Lord Homura!
Homura had me
locked away in a jail cell.
But...
[grunting]
[panting]
I managed to escape
from the mansion,
and while I was
trekking down the mountain...
TAKECHIYO:
Lord Riku found her
and heroically saved her
from a tragic fate.
Mm‐hmm.
‐ And that brings
the story to a close.
‐ So that's what happened.
‐ Well, it's not as though
I don't understand
Homura getting worried
and jealous over her.
‐ You've gotta admit,
having all those people
getting jealous
for your attention
has to feel pretty good,
don't you think?
‐ And what's your opinion
on this, Lady Towa?
‐ You're asking me?
Is it like how I can't seem
to let go of my smartphone?
It's almost the same
as addiction.
‐ A smart what?
‐ Huh?
‐ What the heck
are you talking about?
‐ Oh, um...
it's nothing.
‐ [Riku chuckles]
‐ [gasps]
But if we're dealing
with someone who's that jealous
and he finds out
that Riku took her in...
‐ Then he might be in danger.
‐ Yeah. Homura is
totally gonna kill you.
‐ Aptly put,
which is why I'm here,
to ask for you
to slay Homura in my stead.
‐ You want us to fight him?
‐ You're asking
for something so dangerous.
But Homura is
an incredibly powerful god.
You cannot ask
these young ladies
to take such a terrible risk.
‐ Usually I would agree,
but you see,
these three are not
your typical young ladies.
‐ Huh?
‐ They're
the Half‐Demon Princesses.
‐ Half‐Demon Princesses?
‐ They wouldn't refuse
the opportunity anyway.
We're talking about the head
of an evil mountain god,
which means his bounty
will be tremendous.
‐ [gasps] Really?
‐ Not only that,
but you won't have to clean
this place anymore.
‐ Yes! You can count me in!
Setsu, Towa, you're in,
too, right, aren't you?
BOTH: Hmm.
‐ [chuckles]
TOWA: Guess we
had to accept the job
after Moroha pressured us, huh?
‐ Yeah.
‐ Three heads
are better than one,
after all. Am I right?
‐ I still don't understand
why I had to tag along
with you guys.
‐ [wind blows]
‐ [shudders]
‐ Tamano.
Where did you go?!
‐ [sneezes]
So cold.
‐ I can't go any further.
It's freezing out here!
‐ [shivering]
‐ It's really coming down,
isn't it?
‐ I'm getting out of here.
Later!
‐ Kirara, you go back, too.
Get out of the cold.
‐ [growls]
‐ It's freezing!
[shivers]
Where's the stupid mansion?!
‐ [gasps] Over there.
There's no snow around it.
‐ Let's go.
‐ Cold!
‐ RIKU: What's wrong?
‐ [grunts]
I'm just so worried about them.
I wonder if this was
the right thing to do.
‐ You'll never
be able to escape him
if someone doesn't
take care of him for good.
No matter where you hide,
Homura will always
figure out how to find you.
All that being said,
the love affairs that happen
between demons and humans
will never make sense to me.
[wind blowing]
TOWA: Miss Tamano
wasn't kidding.
It's just like spring in here.
‐ Yeah.
‐ Hey, check it out.
‐ Tamano!
Where are you?!
How dare you leave my side?!
Where have you gone?!
‐ That's him, Homura.
‐ So what now?
‐ Charge!
‐ Wait!
Moroha, get back here now!
‐ Yo, Homura!
‐ Hmm?
‐ You can search all you want,
but Miss Tamano's gone.
‐ [groans] You never think
about the consequences
of your actions.
‐ Who are you?
Did you take away my Tamano?
‐ Hold up! "My Tamano"?
She doesn't belong
to you or anybody!
‐ Enough! Tell me
where she is right now!
‐ Hah! Like we'd ever tell you.
If you refuse...
[yells]
[all gasp]
BOTH: Moroha!
‐ Hot! Hot!
‐ [patting]
Hot!
[mutters]
[gasps]
You're no match
for my Robe of the Fire‐rat!
‐ Where is she?
Where is Tamano? Tell me!
Answer, you wretches!
SETSUNA: Miss Tamano
will never return here.
‐ What?!
‐ TOWA: Listen up, Homura.
You see, you can't
just keep someone at your side
without their consent.
That's just selfish!
‐ Shut up. Shut up!
[music playing]
It can't be!
‐ Scourge of Swallows!
‐ [grumbles]
‐ [yells]
‐ You're those damn twins,
the ones with
the Gold and Silver Pearls.
‐ Get ready!
‐ Then there's no way I can...
[inhales]
‐ [gasps]
‐ Towa!
‐ I'm OK!
‐ I never expected the two
of you would still be alive.
‐ What do you mean?
‐ Are you saying
you know us somehow?
‐ I was so sure...
long ago...
that I had killed
the both of you.
[both gasp]
[music playing]
ZERO: Homura...
I want you
to burn that forest down.
‐ Are you sure?
‐ Yes. Aren't we...
Lord Sesshomaru?
Burn it all until
those cursed half‐demon sisters
are wiped
from this plane of existence.
‐ Understood.
TOWA: This way! Hurry!
‐ Sis!
Don't leave me, Sis! [gasps]
‐ I thought I had burned it all,
leaving no traces
of anything left,
but for both of you sisters
to have survived that...
TOWA: Then that means you're...
That's right.
The one who burned down
that forest was me.
‐ [growls]
‐ So it was you.
‐ [gasps]
‐ It was you.
‐ Setsuna!
Setsuna!
It's your fault Setsuna and I...
were torn apart
in the forest that day!
‐ [footsteps approach]
‐ Going somewhere?
‐ [gasps]
Mr. Riku.
‐ Even if you go back there,
you won't be able
to change anything.
‐ That may be.
But still, if anyone is going
to settle things with Homura,
then it's got to be me.
I can't let those girls
put themselves
in danger for my sake.
‐ [sighs]
Alright, then.
If you want to go that badly,
then I'll accompany you.
‐ [gasps]
‐ There's something
that I'm interested
in seeing for myself anyway.
[chime rings]
‐ I heard your call.
Is there something you need,
Lord Riku?
[grunts]
Boy, it was freezing over there.
‐ Takechiyo, we need a ride
back to the northern mountains.
‐ What?! Again?
Um, I mean,
if it's for you, Lord Riku,
then of course.
There's no problem at all.
‐ Ready, Miss Tamano?
‐ Oh, yes.
‐ [yells]
‐ If they find out
about you two,
it'll be disastrous for me.
I can't allow you
to leave here alive!
Homura!
[both yell]
‐ Anyone keeping
Tamano and I apart
Will be sent to the next life!
‐ You re the one
who tore us apart!
‐ Cyclone Burst!
‐ [yells]
‐ Do you really think
that's all it'll take
to defeat me?!
[yells]
‐ It's too fast!
‐ [gasps]
‐ Crimson Dragon Wave!
‐ [dragon roars]
‐ Moroha!
‐ [laughs]
We can't let that consume us.
Let's retreat for now.
‐ No way. I have to defeat
Homura no matter what.
He's the reason
I lost Setsuna for so long!
‐ Towa.
MOROHA:
Then make sure you dodge it.
Here it comes!
‐ This time,
I'll turn you all into ash!
TAMANO: Lord Homura,
‐ please stop!
‐ [gasps]
‐ Tamano.
Tamano, is that you?
‐ Lord Homura, stop this now!
These girls aren't involved!
‐ I don't care about that!
I demand you tell me
who the hell that man is!
‐ [gasps]
‐ [chuckles]
‐ What?! Damn you, bastard!
‐ Hey, you're gonna make him
even angrier!
‐ Well, then, Miss Tamano,
do you think it would be best
for you to return to his side
at this point?
‐ I don't. Truly,
I will never return to him!
‐ [squeals]
B‐But Tamano,
why would you say such a thing?
‐ [scoffs]
‐ Because I mean it!
I don't want to live with you!
I want to be on my own,
so I will never return to you!
‐ [wails]
‐ Yeah! Tell him, Miss Tamano.
‐ Did she risk her life
just so she could come here
and say that?
All so she could
break up with him.
‐ Tell me, what has
happened to you, Tamano?
I can't believe
that anyone has the power
to tear our love apart.
I'm sure you've been swayed
by that treacherous man.
Tamano, come back.
Please, you have to come back!
‐ Your choice. Will you return?
‐ I won't,
and that's the end of it!
‐ Tamano.
[sobs]
Why? Why would you say that?
I love you
more than anything in the world!
Don't you understand that?
Don't you know
how much I love you?!
[music playing]
‐ Hot! Hot, hot!
‐ [gasps]
‐ Whoa.
Careful now.
‐ Thank you.
‐ Don't touch her!
‐ Tamano is mine and mine alone!
No one loves her
more than I do!
Tamano! Tamano!
Tamano!
[groans]
[wails]
‐ Whoa. He's completely lost it.
‐ [wailing]
‐ Hey, guys, is it just me,
or is he trying
to burn himself up?
‐ [gasps]
‐ [strained] Tamano.
Tamano.
[sobbing] Tamano.
[trees cracking]
‐ Let's move it!
We have to get out of here now!
‐ Towa.
[tree falls]
‐ Towa!
‐ Setsuna?
‐ We have to go!
‐ But he...
‐ There's no time!
‐ [groaning]
Tamano.
‐ [gasping]
‐ Hmm.
RIKU: How utterly absurd.
Nothing good ever comes
from loving a human being,
not for the Great Dog‐Demon,
nor for Sesshomaru...
only destruction.
[insects chirping]
‐ I can't thank you enough
for all of your help.
MOROHA: And if you need a lift,
Takechiyo's got you covered.
‐ You can't offer that!
But really, it would be
no problem for me whatsoever.
‐ No, thank you.
I'll be alright.
‐ Now you can go home
and live peacefully
with your grandparents again.
‐ You're right.
Which reminds me,
I should probably get going.
They must be worried.
‐ Well, everybody,
take care of yourselves.
‐ I still can't believe
that Homura.
The bastard got so angry
that he burned himself
into a big old pile of ash.
And his bounty went up
in smoke with him, too!
‐ That's pretty tragic, Moroha.
[laughing]
‐ [groans]
TOWA: As for me,
I think I'm done
walking around with this.
It's not as though
I can contact anyone,
and I have Setsuna
right here with me.
Eh? What's wrong?
‐ Are you feeling better?
[no audible dialogue]
‐ I don't know what you mean.
‐ I see.
Never mind then.
‐ [chuckles]
[Japanese music playing]
RIKU:
As the Half‐Demon Princesses
were taking
their first breaths,
a great cataclysm
was fast approaching.
JAKEN: Lord Sesshomaru
and Inuyasha
rose up to prevent
this tragedy, but then...
KIRINMARU: Why did you wake me?
KAGOME: This is a keepsake
from Inuyasha's mother.
I decided if we had a girl,
I was going to give this to her.
TOWA: Next time on Yashahime,
"Farewell
Under the Lunar Eclipse."
‐ Lord Sesshomaru,
I have faith in you.